Updates the announcement document (#92)
ansible-community/images: docs/community-ee/community-ee-announcement.md

> # Forum Announcement

Reviewer: For the sentence below this, you can add a direct link to the correct place in the forum so no one makes a mistake on where to post it.  The link is https://forum.ansible.com/c/news/releases/18

Author: Added this line. 
```
Follow [forum link](https://forum.ansible.com/c/news/releases/18) to create the announcement post.
```

## To know about future releases

Join the [Ansible Community Forum](https://forum.ansible.com) to follow along and participate
in all the discussions and release related discussions and announcements. Feel free to share your

> thoughts, ideas and concerns there.

Reviewer: So I think we should reconsider this section. Rather than an open call to join the forum, I'd suggest just trimming this down to ''...follow along and participate in the discussions". And leave it at that. You can even consider just pointing them to the ecosystem forum page instead of the full forum if you want to focus this more.

Get the details of both the images [here](<link to the forum post>).

On behalf of the Ansible community, thank you and happy automating!

```

## Bullhorn Announcement

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> We’re happy to announce the release of the Ansible Community Execution Environment Minimal <version> (Latest) and Ansible Community Execution Environment Base <version> are here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’re happy to announce the release of the Ansible Community Execution Environment Minimal image <version> (Latest) and Ansible Community Execution Environment Base image <version>.
```

> Read the whole announcement [here](link to forum announcement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [whole announcement](link to forum announcement).
```

Reviewer 2: Just to point out that this is a best practice for accessibility because it gives more context. As a link, `[here]` is ambiguous and does not provide any information or context about the url to which it points.

Loads of info available at: https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/link-purpose-in-context

> ### How to install community-ee-base?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installing the base image
```

`podman pull ghcr.io/ansible-community/community-ee-base:latest`

`podman pull ghcr.io/ansible-community/community-ee-base:<version>`

> ### How to install community-ee-minimal?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installing the minimal image
```

`podman pull ghcr.io/ansible-community/community-ee-minimal:latest`

`podman pull ghcr.io/ansible-community/community-ee-minimal:version`

> ## To know about future releases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Finding out about future releases
```

> Join the [Ansible Community Forum](https://forum.ansible.com/) to follow along and participate in all the discussions and release related discussions and announcements. Feel free to share your thoughts, ideas and concerns there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Join the [Ansible Community Forum](https://forum.ansible.com/) to follow and participate in discussions and release announcements. You can always share your thoughts, ideas, and concerns in the forum too.
```

On behalf of the Ansible community, thank you and happy automating!

Cheers,

Ansible Community Team

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe trim some of the extra empty lines here.

Get the details of both the images [here](<link to the forum post>).

On behalf of the Ansible community, thank you and happy automating!

```

## Bullhorn Announcement

We’re happy to announce the release of the Ansible Community Execution Environment Minimal <version> (Latest) and Ansible Community Execution Environment Base <version> are here.

> 

Reviewer: Consider if you want all the details in the Bullhorn, or if you want to trim it down and just add a link to the forum post for the release. Saves you (or whoever is doing this) some repeat typing. My suggestion would be the details go in the forum topic, and everything else is a short sentence or  two and a pointer to that post.

Author: Edited the Bullhorn announcement. Does it look good?

Reviewer: I think you can remove https://github.com/ansible-community/images/pull/92/files#diff-f529338b0d6703abb57812ebed7300a6991e77c02ec2d4baece6a8463b44b433R111-R131 (that is, everything after the new link to the forum post you added.  All that is covered in the forum and imo doesn't need to be repeated in the bullhorn.

Reviewer: @anweshadas please take a look at this comment as I don't think you replied or made the suggested changes.. thanks!
